docs: update new en cpu.group notes (#338)
ipfs-force-community/venus-cluster: docs/en/03.venus-worker-config.md

envs = { FIL_PROOFS_USE_MULTICORE_SDR = "1" }
````

#### `cgroup.cpuset` Configuration Notes

> * The number of CPU cores in `cgroup.cpuset` must be an integer multiple of the corresponding number of CPU caches

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The number of CPU cores in `cgroup.cpuset` must be an integer multiple of the corresponding number of cores on single DIE (cores that shares L3 cache)
```

Author: 666

Reviewer 2: 高级

> According to [rust-fil-proofs](https://github.com/filecoin-project/rust-fil-proofs), when `multicore sdr` is enabled, the number of CPU cores and number of corresponding CPU caches must be an integer multiple relationship. If the external processor is using rust-fil-proofs or rust-fil-proofs based variants, this rule must be followed, otherwise it can be ignored. The default processor of venus-worker is based on rust-fil-proofs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
According to [rust-fil-proofs](https://github.com/filecoin-project/rust-fil-proofs), when `multicore sdr` is enabled, the number of CPU cores and number of corresponding cores on single DIE must be an integer multiple relationship. If the external processor is using rust-fil-proofs or rust-fil-proofs based variants, this rule must be followed, otherwise it can be ignored. The default processor of venus-worker is based on rust-fil-proofs.
```

* Try **NOT** to spread CPU cores in `cgroup.cpuset` across NUMA nodes

Spreding across NUMA nodes would make access from CPU to memory slower. If the configured CPU cores are all on the same NUMA node, `processors.{stage_name}.numa_preferred` can be configured as the corresponding NUMA node id.

> Use [venus-worker-util](https://github.com/ipfs-force-community/venus-cluster/blob/main/docs/en/12.venus-worker-util.md#hwinfo) to check CPU information

Reviewer: 考虑用相对路径？

Author: 👌

│ └── L3 (#7 16 MiB)
│ └── PU #28 + PU #29 + PU #30 + PU #31
└── Package (251.98 GiB) (*** *** *** 32-Core Processor)
    ├── NUMANode (#1 251.98 GiB)
    ├── L3 (#8 16 MiB)
    │ └── PU #32 + PU #33 + PU #34 + PU #35
    ├── L3 (#9 16 MiB)
    │ └── PU #36 + PU #37 + PU #38 + PU #39
    ├── L3 (#10 16 MiB)
    │ └── PU #40 + PU #41 + PU #42 + PU #43
    ├── L3 (#11 16 MiB)
    │ └── PU #44 + PU #45 + PU #46 + PU #47
    ├── L3 (#12 16 MiB)
    │ └── PU #48 + PU #49 + PU #50 + PU #51
    ├── L3 (#13 16 MiB)
    │ └── PU #52 + PU #53 + PU #54 + PU #55
    ├── L3 (#14 16 MiB)
    │ └── PU #56 + PU #57 + PU #58 + PU #59
    └── L3 (#15 16 MiB)
        └── PU #60 + PU #61 + PU #62 + PU #63
...
````

From the output information, we can see that this machine has two NUMANodes, each NUMANode has 8 L3 Caches, and each L3 cache has 4 CPU cores.
* CPU cores on NUMANode #0: 0-31
* CPU cores on NUMANode #1: 31-63

Using this machine as an example, configuration like `processors.pc1.cgroup.cpuset = "0-6"` does not satisfy the rust-fil-proofs rule.
1. PU#0, PU#1, PU#2, PU#3, these 4 CPU cores belong to L3#0
2. PU#4, PU#5, PU#6, these 3 CPU cores belong to L3#1

> At this time, the number of CPU caches is 2 (L3#0, L3#1), the number of CPU cores is 7. The number of CPU cores is not an integer multiple of the corresponding number of CPU caches, which means that it does not meet the rust-fil-proofs rule, thus cannot be started. The correct configuration could be `processors.pc1.cgroup.cpuset = "0-7"`.

Reviewer: 这一句的逻辑好像有问题。
总的来说，对于CPU 核数的约束应该描述为：“分配的CPU 核数是一个共享L3 cache 的物理单元上的CPU核数（本例中为4）的整数倍”，更进一步的描述则应当是：
`分配的核数应当是这些核所涉及的、共享 L3 cache 的物理单元上的所有核“
也就是说：
如  "0-6,8"这样的分配方式，虽然数量满足，但是物理上不满足

Author: 原来如此，重新改写/拆解了这句话。👍
